Ayes have it. To be printed and bound at the Druiddrum press by two
designing females. Calf covers of pissedon green. Last word in art
shades. Most beautiful book come out of Ireland my time. _Silentium!_
Get a spurt on. Tention. Proceed to nearest canteen and there annex
liquor stores. March! Tramp, tramp, tramp, the boys are (atitudes!)
parching. Beer, beef, business, bibles, bulldogs battleships, buggery
and bishops. Whether on the scaffold high. Beer, beef, trample the
bibles. When for Irelandear. Trample the trampellers. Thunderation! Keep
the durned millingtary step. We fall. Bishops boosebox. Halt! Heave to.
Rugger. Scrum in. No touch kicking. Wow, my tootsies! You hurt? Most
amazingly sorry!

Query. Who's astanding this here do? Proud possessor of damnall. Declare
misery. Bet to the ropes. Me nantee saltee. Not a red at me this week
gone. Yours? Mead of our fathers for the _Ãœbermensch._ Dittoh. Five
number ones. You, sir? Ginger cordial. Chase me, the cabby's caudle.
Stimulate the caloric. Winding of his ticker. Stopped short never to go
again when the old. Absinthe for me, savvy? _Caramba!_ Have an eggnog or
a prairie oyster. Enemy? Avuncular's got my timepiece. Ten to. Obligated
awful. Don't mention it. Got a pectoral trauma, eh, Dix? Pos fact. Got
bet be a boomblebee whenever he wus settin sleepin in hes bit garten.
Digs up near the Mater. Buckled he is. Know his dona? Yup, sartin I do.
Full of a dure. See her in her dishybilly. Peels off a credit. Lovey
lovekin. None of your lean kine, not much. Pull down the blind, love.
Two Ardilauns. Same here. Look slippery. If you fall don't wait to get
up. Five, seven, nine. Fine! Got a prime pair of mincepies, no kid. And
her take me to rests and her anker of rum. Must be seen to be believed.
Your starving eyes and allbeplastered neck you stole my heart, O
gluepot. Sir? Spud again the rheumatiz? All poppycock, you'll scuse me
saying. For the hoi polloi. I vear thee beest a gert vool. Well, doc?
Back fro Lapland? Your corporosity sagaciating O K? How's the squaws
and papooses? Womanbody after going on the straw? Stand and deliver.
Password. There's hair. Ours the white death and the ruddy birth. Hi!
Spit in your own eye, boss! Mummer's wire. Cribbed out of Meredith.
Jesified, orchidised, polycimical jesuit! Aunty mine's writing Pa Kinch.