waiting all the time for his dinner he told me to say I left my purse in
the butchers and had to go back for it what a Deceiver then he wrote me
that letter with all those words in it how could he have the face to any
woman after his company manners making it so awkward after when we met
asking me have I offended you with my eyelids down of course he saw I
wasnt he had a few brains not like that other fool Henny Doyle he was
always breaking or tearing something in the charades I hate an unlucky
man and if I knew what it meant of course I had to say no for form sake
dont understand you I said and wasnt it natural so it is of course
it used to be written up with a picture of a womans on that wall in
Gibraltar with that word I couldnt find anywhere only for children
seeing it too young then writing every morning a letter sometimes twice
a day I liked the way he made love then he knew the way to take a woman
when he sent me the 8 big poppies because mine was the 8th then I wrote
the night he kissed my heart at Dolphins barn I couldnt describe it
simply it makes you feel like nothing on earth but he never knew how to
embrace well like Gardner I hope hell come on Monday as he said at the
same time four I hate people who come at all hours answer the door you
think its the vegetables then its somebody and you all undressed or
the door of the filthy sloppy kitchen blows open the day old frostyface
Goodwin called about the concert in Lombard street and I just after
dinner all flushed and tossed with boiling old stew dont look at me
professor I had to say Im a fright yes but he was a real old gent in his
way it was impossible to be more respectful nobody to say youre out you
have to peep out through the blind like the messengerboy today I thought
it was a putoff first him sending the port and the peaches first and I
was just beginning to yawn with nerves thinking he was trying to make a
fool of me when I knew his tattarrattat at the door he must have been
a bit late because it was l/4 after 3 when I saw the 2 Dedalus girls
coming from school I never know the time even that watch he gave me
never seems to go properly Id want to get it looked after when I threw
the penny to that lame sailor for England home and beauty when I was
whistling there is a charming girl I love and I hadnt even put on my
clean shift or powdered myself or a thing then this day week were to go
to Belfast just as well he has to go to Ennis his fathers anniversary