after that I pretended I had a coolness on with her over him because he
used to be a bit on the jealous side whenever he asked who are you going
to and I said over to Floey and he made me the present of Byron's poems
and the three pairs of gloves so that finished that I could quite easily
get him to make it up any time I know how Id even supposing he got in
with her again and was going out to see her somewhere Id know if he
refused to eat the onions I know plenty of ways ask him to tuck down the
collar of my blouse or touch him with my veil and gloves on going out I
kiss then would send them all spinning however alright well see then let
him go to her she of course would only be too delighted to pretend shes
mad in love with him that I wouldnt so much mind Id just go to her and
ask her do you love him and look her square in the eyes she couldnt fool
me but he might imagine he was and make a declaration to her with his
plabbery kind of a manner like he did to me though I had the devils own
job to get it out of him though I liked him for that it showed he could
hold in and wasnt to be got for the asking he was on the pop of asking
me too the night in the kitchen I was rolling the potato cake theres
something I want to say to you only for I put him off letting on I was
in a temper with my hands and arms full of pasty flour in any case I let
out too much the night before talking of dreams so I didnt want to let
him know more than was good for him she used to be always embracing me
Josie whenever he was there meaning him of course glauming me over and
when I said I washed up and down as far as possible asking me and did
you wash possible the women are always egging on to that putting it on
thick when hes there they know by his sly eye blinking a bit putting on
the indifferent when they come out with something the kind he is what
spoils him I dont wonder in the least because he was very handsome at
that time trying to look like Lord Byron I said I liked though he
was too beautiful for a man and he was a little before we got engaged
afterwards though she didnt like it so much the day I was in fits of
laughing with the giggles I couldnt stop about all my hairpins falling
out one after another with the mass of hair I had youre always in great
humour she said yes because it grigged her because she knew what it
meant because I used to tell her a good bit of what went on between us
not all but just enough to make her mouth water but that wasnt my fault