she didnt darken the door much after we were married I wonder what shes
got like now after living with that dotty husband of hers she had her
face beginning to look drawn and run down the last time I saw her she
must have been just after a row with him because I saw on the moment she
was edging to draw down a conversation about husbands and talk about him
to run him down what was it she told me O yes that sometimes he used to
go to bed with his muddy boots on when the maggot takes him just imagine
having to get into bed with a thing like that that might murder you
any moment what a man well its not the one way everyone goes mad Poldy
anyhow whatever he does always wipes his feet on the mat when he comes
in wet or shine and always blacks his own boots too and he always takes
off his hat when he comes up in the street like then and now hes going
about in his slippers to look for 10000 pounds for a postcard U p up
O sweetheart May wouldnt a thing like that simply bore you stiff to
extinction actually too stupid even to take his boots off now what
could you make of a man like that Id rather die 20 times over than marry
another of their sex of course hed never find another woman like me to
put up with him the way I do know me come sleep with me yes and he knows
that too at the bottom of his heart take that Mrs Maybrick that poisoned
her husband for what I wonder in love with some other man yes it was
found out on her wasnt she the downright villain to go and do a thing
like that of course some men can be dreadfully aggravating drive you mad
and always the worst word in the world what do they ask us to marry them
for if were so bad as all that comes to yes because they cant get on
without us white Arsenic she put in his tea off flypaper wasnt it I
wonder why they call it that if I asked him hed say its from the Greek
leave us as wise as we were before she must have been madly in love with
the other fellow to run the chance of being hanged O she didnt care if
that was her nature what could she do besides theyre not brutes enough
to go and hang a woman surely are they

theyre all so different Boylan talking about the shape of my foot he
noticed at once even before he was introduced when I was in the D B C
with Poldy laughing and trying to listen I was waggling my foot we both
ordered 2 teas and plain bread and butter I saw him looking with his