family goodfornothings poor Paddy Dignam all the same Im sorry in a
way for him what are his wife and 5 children going to do unless he was
insured comical little teetotum always stuck up in some pub corner and
her or her son waiting Bill Bailey wont you please come home her widows
weeds wont improve her appearance theyre awfully becoming though if
youre goodlooking what men wasnt he yes he was at the Glencree dinner
and Ben Dollard base barreltone the night he borrowed the swallowtail
to sing out of in Holles street squeezed and squashed into them and
grinning all over his big Dolly face like a wellwhipped childs botty
didnt he look a balmy ballocks sure enough that must have been a
spectacle on the stage imagine paying 5/- in the preserved seats for
that to see him trotting off in his trowlers and Simon Dedalus too he
was always turning up half screwed singing the second verse first the
old love is the new was one of his so sweetly sang the maiden on the
hawthorn bough he was always on for flirtyfying too when I sang Maritana
with him at Freddy Mayers private opera he had a delicious glorious
voice Phoebe dearest goodbye _sweet_heart sweetheart he always sang it
not like Bartell Darcy sweet tart goodbye of course he had the gift of
the voice so there was no art in it all over you like a warm showerbath
O Maritana wildwood flower we sang splendidly though it was a bit too
high for my register even transposed and he was married at the time to
May Goulding but then hed say or do something to knock the good out of
it hes a widower now I wonder what sort is his son he says hes an author
and going to be a university professor of Italian and Im to take lessons
what is he driving at now showing him my photo its not good of me I
ought to have got it taken in drapery that never looks out of fashion
still I look young in it I wonder he didnt make him a present of it
altogether and me too after all why not I saw him driving down to the
Kingsbridge station with his father and mother I was in mourning thats
11 years ago now yes hed be 11 though what was the good in going into
mourning for what was neither one thing nor the other the first cry was
enough for me I heard the deathwatch too ticking in the wall of course
he insisted hed go into mourning for the cat I suppose hes a man now by
this time he was an innocent boy then and a darling little fellow in his
lord Fauntleroy suit and curly hair like a prince on the stage when I