bottles for a poor man today and no visitors or post ever except his
cheques or some advertisement like that wonderworker they sent him
addressed dear Madam only his letter and the card from Milly this
morning see she wrote a letter to him who did I get the last letter from
O Mrs Dwenn now what possessed her to write from Canada after so many
years to know the recipe I had for pisto madrileno Floey Dillon since
she wrote to say she was married to a very rich architect if Im to
believe all I hear with a villa and eight rooms her father was an
awfully nice man he was near seventy always goodhumoured well now Miss
Tweedy or Miss Gillespie theres the piannyer that was a solid silver
coffee service he had too on the mahogany sideboard then dying so far
away I hate people that have always their poor story to tell everybody
has their own troubles that poor Nancy Blake died a month ago of acute
neumonia well I didnt know her so well as all that she was Floeys friend
more than mine poor Nancy its a bother having to answer he always tells
me the wrong things and no stops to say like making a speech your sad
bereavement symphathy I always make that mistake and newphew with 2
double yous in I hope hell write me a longer letter the next time if its
a thing he really likes me O thanks be to the great God I got somebody
to give me what I badly wanted to put some heart up into me youve no
chances at all in this place like you used long ago I wish somebody
would write me a loveletter his wasnt much and I told him he could write
what he liked yours ever Hugh Boylan in old Madrid stuff silly women
believe love is sighing I am dying still if he wrote it I suppose thered
be some truth in it true or no it fills up your whole day and life
always something to think about every moment and see it all round you
like a new world I could write the answer in bed to let him imagine me
short just a few words not those long crossed letters Atty Dillon used
to write to the fellow that was something in the four courts that jilted
her after out of the ladies letterwriter when I told her to say a few
simple words he could twist how he liked not acting with precipat precip
itancy with equal candour the greatest earthly happiness answer to a
gentlemans proposal affirmatively my goodness theres nothing else its
all very fine for them but as for being a woman as soon as youre old
they might as well throw you out in the bottom of the ashpit.