again of course then shed see him coming Id have to let her know or shed
revenge it arent they a nuisance that old Mrs Fleming you have to be
walking round after her putting the things into her hands sneezing and
farting into the pots well of course shes old she cant help it a good
job I found that rotten old smelly dishcloth that got lost behind the
dresser I knew there was something and opened the area window to let out
the smell bringing in his friends to entertain them like the night he
walked home with a dog if you please that might have been mad especially
Simon Dedalus son his father such a criticiser with his glasses up with
his tall hat on him at the cricket match and a great big hole in his
sock one thing laughing at the other and his son that got all those
prizes for whatever he won them in the intermediate imagine climbing
over the railings if anybody saw him that knew us I wonder he didnt tear
a big hole in his grand funeral trousers as if the one nature gave wasnt
enough for anybody hawking him down into the dirty old kitchen now is he
right in his head I ask pity it wasnt washing day my old pair of drawers
might have been hanging up too on the line on exhibition for all hed
ever care with the ironmould mark the stupid old bundle burned on them
he might think was something else and she never even rendered down the
fat I told her and now shes going such as she was on account of her
paralysed husband getting worse theres always something wrong with them
disease or they have to go under an operation or if its not that its
drink and he beats her Ill have to hunt around again for someone every
day I get up theres some new thing on sweet God sweet God well when Im
stretched out dead in my grave I suppose 111 have some peace I want to
get up a minute if Im let wait O Jesus wait yes that thing has come on
me yes now wouldnt that afflict you of course all the poking and rooting
and ploughing he had up in me now what am I to do Friday Saturday Sunday
wouldnt that pester the soul out of a body unless he likes it some men
do God knows theres always something wrong with us 5 days every 3 or 4
weeks usual monthly auction isnt it simply sickening that night it came
on me like that the one and only time we were in a box that Michael Gunn
gave him to see Mrs Kendal and her husband at the Gaiety something he
did about insurance for him in Drimmies I was fit to be tied though I
wouldnt give in with that gentleman of fashion staring down at me with