they were so plump and tempting in my short petticoat he couldnt resist
they excite myself sometimes its well for men all the amount of pleasure
they get off a womans body were so round and white for them always I
wished I was one myself for a change just to try with that thing they
have swelling up on you so hard and at the same time so soft when you
touch it my uncle John has a thing long I heard those cornerboys saying
passing the comer of Marrowbone lane my aunt Mary has a thing hairy
because it was dark and they knew a girl was passing it didnt make me
blush why should it either its only nature and he puts his thing long
into my aunt Marys hairy etcetera and turns out to be you put the handle
in a sweepingbrush men again all over they can pick and choose what they
please a married woman or a fast widow or a girl for their different
tastes like those houses round behind Irish street no but were to be
always chained up theyre not going to be chaining me up no damn fear
once I start I tell you for their stupid husbands jealousy why cant we
all remain friends over it instead of quarrelling her husband found it
out what they did together well naturally and if he did can he undo it
hes coronado anyway whatever he does and then he going to the other
mad extreme about the wife in Fair Tyrants of course the man never even
casts a 2nd thought on the husband or wife either its the woman he wants
and he gets her what else were we given all those desires for Id like to
know I cant help it if Im young still can I its a wonder Im not an old
shrivelled hag before my time living with him so cold never embracing
me except sometimes when hes asleep the wrong end of me not knowing I
suppose who he has any man thatd kiss a womans bottom Id throw my hat at
him after that hed kiss anything unnatural where we havent I atom of any
kind of expression in us all of us the same 2 lumps of lard before ever
Id do that to a man pfooh the dirty brutes the mere thought is enough
I kiss the feet of you senorita theres some sense in that didnt he kiss
our halldoor yes he did what a madman nobody understands his cracked
ideas but me still of course a woman wants to be embraced 20 times a day
almost to make her look young no matter by who so long as to be in love
or loved by somebody if the fellow you want isnt there sometimes by the
Lord God I was thinking would I go around by the quays there some dark
evening where nobodyd know me and pick up a sailor off the sea thatd be