Im sure by the clock like some kind of a big infant I had at me they
want everything in their mouth all the pleasure those men get out of a
woman I can feel his mouth O Lord I must stretch myself I wished he was
here or somebody to let myself go with and come again like that I feel
all fire inside me or if I could dream it when he made me spend the 2nd
time tickling me behind with his finger I was coming for about 5 minutes
with my legs round him I had to hug him after O Lord I wanted to shout
out all sorts of things fuck or shit or anything at all only not to look
ugly or those lines from the strain who knows the way hed take it you
want to feel your way with a man theyre not all like him thank God some
of them want you to be so nice about it I noticed the contrast he does
it and doesnt talk I gave my eyes that look with my hair a bit loose
from the tumbling and my tongue between my lips up to him the savage
brute Thursday Friday one Saturday two Sunday three O Lord I cant wait
till Monday

frseeeeeeeefronnnng train somewhere whistling the strength those engines
have in them like big giants and the water rolling all over and out of
them all sides like the end of Loves old sweeeetsonnnng the poor men
that have to be out all the night from their wives and families in those
roasting engines stifling it was today Im glad I burned the half of
those old Freemans and Photo Bits leaving things like that lying about
hes getting very careless and threw the rest of them up in the W C 111
get him to cut them tomorrow for me instead of having them there for
the next year to get a few pence for them have him asking wheres last
Januarys paper and all those old overcoats I bundled out of the hall
making the place hotter than it is that rain was lovely and refreshing
just after my beauty sleep I thought it was going to get like Gibraltar
my goodness the heat there before the levanter came on black as night
and the glare of the rock standing up in it like a big giant compared
with their 3 Rock mountain they think is so great with the red sentries
here and there the poplars and they all whitehot and the smell of the
rainwater in those tanks watching the sun all the time weltering down on
you faded all that lovely frock fathers friend Mrs Stanhope sent me from
the B Marche paris what a shame my dearest Doggerina she wrote on it